There are a couple of ways to use GitHub,
and I'm going to show you the simplest.
As you can see from our URL here,
github.com/bh5k/spring‑security‑conference, that here is our
project, and I'm running this off of the master branch.
If you know nothing about GitHub, it's not a big deal.
Choose Clone or download and Download ZIP.
This will download a ZIP file containing all of the
current source code to our desktop.
Now the other options in here, Open in Desktop, the
URL, if you don't know what they are,
then I'm going to recommend, again, that you choose the Download ZIP option.
If you understand what those are,
then you can go ahead and use GitHub desktop or one of the other tools
that will allow you to interact with GitHub locally.
Another option is for you to fork this,
and I'm going to click on this to show you. Your
options are going to look different.
You'll have your local repository that you could fork this over to,
and if that makes sense to you, then great,
you may want to choose that option so that you can continue to use
source code control on your local project in case you want to roll
something back or you make a mistake or you just want to compare the
changes through each module.
If those are options to you and are entertaining, I recommend you do that.
If not,
I'm going to show you how to go through the downloaded ZIP file that we just did and set up your project locally.